pgo TODO List:
(Alphabetically)

          a crontabs directory in CVS is fine, it should 
          be put in install.exclude, and install.sh modified to put 
          them in the right place



about/ChangLogs/:
    Changelog.pl:  the wgo2 wrapper needs to be stripped from this script and 
       replaced with <pre></pre> tags as the only people who read these for real
       will probably get pissy with the nice html.  this is the ChangeLog from the
       current stable tarball.
       
       the rest  of the script needs to be written (for the remaining ChangeLogs
       
       it would be nice if this could be rewritten in python so it can easily be
       added to the rest of the web-making stuff.
       
about/authors.html:
   this page is perfect.  however it was generated from a script that apparently
   wasn't committed.  i might have the script, someone else might have the script
   but until the script is located and commited, this page will need to be made
   so that it will automatically be gernerated from a gimp source tree on command.
   
about/awards.html:
   this page needs to be compiled.
   
about/history.html:
   this page needs to be compiled.
   
about/index.html:
   the rest of the html in the about directory needs to be completed. 
   
   the mail list archives need to be searched for news worthy items to fill in
   the GIMP in sections.  i know that much of this is there. 

about/introduction.html:
   complete rewrite would suit me fine.
   
about/mediakit.html:
   needs to be rendered useful by someone who knows what the media would need to
   have here.
       
about/screenshots.html:
   i stole a gif from simon of all of the menu tree.  other screenshots can prolly
   be extracted from the docs.  someone who understands docbook might look into this
   or someone can talk to the gimp-doc people.

about/splash-1.1.html:
   done.

about/splash-1.3.html:
   done this far in time.  a script can be written that takes the latest splash out
   of the tarball and rewrites the page, saving the question mark one as the next 
   tarball image ...

about/splash-1.3.html:
   done this far in time.  a script can be written that takes the latest splash out
   of cvs and rewrites the page, saving the question mark one as the next 
   CVS version ...

about/splash-stable.html:
   done this far in time.  can prolly just be hand entered there when the time 
   is right.

books/index.html:
   done this far in time.  i don't yet know of a good way for the gimp authors
   to communicate with the web team.

bugs/index.html:
   i have no idea what should be done for this document.  perhaps raphael could
   handle some content.  maybe bex's howto could be altered.  some of those 
   insta-bugzilla page links might be nice.
   
contest/index.html
contest/archives/index.html
   contest. people upload their potential splash images. when a new tarball is 
   released, the collection is archived and a new one begins.  the whole thing
   needs to be made.
    
development/index.html:
   i suggest letting the developers determine what goes here.  urls, suggestions on
   how to contribute, links to bug lists.  what have you.  non-dynamic information
   then let the interested developers play on developer.gimp.org where all is forgiven
   if it goes alittle stale.  this page should start out stale.  easy to maintain 
   that way.
   
   the last 10 ChangeLog entries from any gimp project that has annon cvs access.
   
docs/cookbook/:
   some outline and a place to upload nice little gimp script pieces.  this was
   nomis and akks very good idea, and should be implemented.
    
docs/developer_docs/:
   i need to figure out how to get these to build on my computer and then i will
   know how to get them to the web page.  they do build for people?
    
docs/gimp-help/:
   needs to be put into place.  would be nice to figure out a way to update it every 
   time there is a new gimp tarball.
    
docs/gimp-print/:
   put into place.  would be nice to figure out a way to update it every time there
   is a new gimp-print tarball.
    
docs/gimp-python/:
   put into place.  i am assuming this will be included with the future gimp documentation.
   so this is done.
   
docs/scheme_plugin/:
   put into place.  a one time document. we are lucky to have it. finished.
   
links/index.html and includes/url-*.inc:
   this has a good start.  more little packets of urls need to be created and then
   used on all of the web pages.  like a little packet describing brush tutorials
   can go here and on the brush resource page. etc.  these are free easily maintainable
   urls.  wow!  it just needs to be loaded up.
   
macintosh/index.html:
   maybe jyon, akk or patti could throw a little something on here.  we can add to
   it and improve it via bugzilla as is called for.
   
mail_lists.html, url-gimp-maillists.inc:
   better list descriptions and more lists, but otherwise 'tis beautiful
   
os2/index.html:
   i will go through the archives, find some urls and reiterate info about the
   maillist.
   
resources/
   these pages need to be autogenerated from the gimp itself.  i am using python.
   i am having some problems reading them two at a time.  i want to write these.
   leave them be. unless you have a quick clue about how to use the damn range(bleh)
   function.
   
   perhaps the page could suggest that other who want to share resources go to
   bugzilla.
   
resources/brushes/index.html
   after i get the page to render properly (two at a time, not half and then the other
   half)  i would like to add a page of additional brushes, as i always liked to
   download a little something or other when visiting a software site.  i will need
   to be able to read the gimprc for that.
   
resources/gradients/index.html
   after i get the page to render properly (two at a time, not half and then the other
   half)  i would like to add a page of additional gradients, as i always liked to
   download a little something or other when visiting a software site.  i will need
   to be able to read the gimprc for that.
   
resources/patterns/index.html
   after i get the page to render properly (two at a time, not half and then the other
   half)  i would like to add a page of additional patterns, as i always liked to
   download a little something or other when visiting a software site.  i will need
   to be able to read the gimprc for that.
   
resources/palettes/index.html
   this one needs to be written.  will be tricky.  i need to know the size of the
   darn dialog window for the croping of the screenshot.  same thing about using
   the gimprc to find the palettes located only in ~.gimp-1.2/palettes.  And, this
   will be complicated with the gradients.
   
tutorials/
   scizzo has a schedule for this and is following it.
   
   i feel that the screenshots should only be resized when necessary.  i think the
   original screenshots should be maintained as often as possible, due to the 
   nature of the tutorials.  to make the screenshots follow the doc rules means to
   make at least one part of one of the tutorials not apply, for instance.  my
   window manager sends information to the window decoration.  i think this is
   significant as i never told it to (percentage of view and mode) but have always
   appreciated the info occuring there.
   
   a style needs to be determined for the weird tables in the perlotine tutorial.
   
   the rest of the authors need to be contacted and a collection of "permission 
   granted" emails should be compiled.
   
unix/:    
   this section needs some love.

unix/INSTALL:
   perhaps this should be broken down into "Installation Instructions" and
   then offer INSTALL (as copied from the current tarball) and HACKING (copied
   daily from CVS).  README, README.i118, README.perl also.  these scripts need to 
   be written.

unix/gimprc*, gtkrc*:
   extra tips and explanation can and should be added to this.

unix/howtos/:
   fonts would be good.  window managers would also be good, especially since future
   gimps rely on good window manager management.     

unix/howtos/cvs-stable.html:
   this document should be split into getting gimp* from cvs and compiling gimp*

unix/howtos/cvsrc:
   this needs to be fixed so that it doesn't cause redhat users problems.

unix/howtos/gimpenv:
   this script needs to be finished and documented here (prolly in the compiling) a
   similar script might be written to set the cvs flags properly.

unix/man*-1.2.html: 
   this will probably not be changing. but it would still be nice to build a script
   that will auto-generate this with each new tarball to be ready for the 1.4 site.

unix/tile-cache.html/:
   perfect.  needs some evil formulas to be complete.  

windows/:
   i dunno. i don't want to even look at this now.  maybe i can get becky to use this
   page to download and use WINGimp and see how that goes.
  
